Database Mail Profile Name Configuration for SQL Managed Instance (#6390)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/relational-databases/database-mail/configure-database-mail.md

  
 **Profile Name**  
 Displays the name of the profile.  
 
> [!NOTE]  

> >  If you are configuring database mail for an Azure SQL Managed Instance, and you want to send messages using SQL Agent jobs, you must create a database mail profile named '**AzureManagedInstance_dbmail_profile**'. For more information and a sample script, see [SQL Managed Instance SQL Agent job notifiations](/azure/azure-sql/managed-instance/job-automation-managed-instance).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>  If you are configuring database mail for an Azure SQL Managed Instance, and you want to send messages using SQL Agent jobs, you must create a database mail profile named '**AzureManagedInstance_dbmail_profile**'. For more information and a sample script, see [SQL Managed Instance SQL Agent job notifications](/azure/azure-sql/managed-instance/job-automation-managed-instance#sql-agent-job-notifications).

```

> >  If your are configuring database mail for an SQL Managed Instance, and you want to send messages using SQL Agent jobs, you will need a profile named '**AzureManagedInstance_dbmail_profile**', otherwise Managed Instance will be unable to send emails via SQL Agents. [Sending emails in Azure SQL Managed Instances](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-sql/sending-emails-in-azure-sql-managed-instance/ba-p/386235).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>  If you are configuring database mail for an Azure SQL Managed Instance, and you want to send messages using SQL Agent jobs, you must create a database mail profile named '**AzureManagedInstance_dbmail_profile**'. For more information and a sample script, see [SQL Managed Instance SQL Agent job notifiations](/azure/azure-sql/managed-instance/job-automation-managed-instance).
```
